[26.03] Docs: FlashInfer release (#201)
ROCm/flashinfer: amd-docs/install/flashinfer-install.rst

.. meta::
  :description: installing FlashInfer for ROCm
  :keywords: installation instructions, Docker, AMD, ROCm, FlashInfer

.. _flashinfer-on-rocm-installation:

********************************************************************
FlashInfer on ROCm installation
********************************************************************

System requirements
====================================================================

To use FlashInfer `0.5.3 <https://github.com/flashinfer-ai/flashinfer/releases/tag/v0.5.3>`__, you need the following prerequisites:

- **ROCm version:** `7.0.2 <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/docs-7.0.2/>`__, `7.2.0 <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/docs-7.2.0/>`__
- **Operating system:** Ubuntu 24.04
- **GPU platform:** AMD Instinct™ MI300X, MI325X, MI355X

> - **PyTorch:** `2.9.1 <https://github.com/ROCm/pytorch/releases/tag/v2.9.1>`__

Reviewer: This link is a 404.

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.0.2

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker pull rocm/flashinfer:flashinfer-0.5.3.amd1_rocm7.0.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch2.9.1

2. Start a Docker container using the image.

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.2.0

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker run -it --rm \
            --privileged \
            --network=host --device=/dev/kfd \
            --device=/dev/dri --group-add video \
            --name=my_flashinfer --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
            --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
            --ipc=host --shm-size 16G \
            rocm/flashinfer:flashinfer-0.5.3.amd1_rocm7.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch2.9.1

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.0.2

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker run -it --rm \
            --privileged \
            --network=host --device=/dev/kfd \
            --device=/dev/dri --group-add video \
            --name=my_flashinfer --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
            --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
            --ipc=host --shm-size 16G \
            rocm/flashinfer:flashinfer-0.5.3.amd1_rocm7.0.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch2.9.1

> 3. The above step will create a Docker container with FlashInfer pre-installed. During this process, the Dockerfile will have a pre-installed and configured micromamba environment with FlashInfer available inside. To use FlashInfer, activate the micromamba environment.

Reviewer 2: Please replace this point with "Micromamba is pre-configured inside the container and will automatically start the `base` environment."

Author: Updated, thank you so much!

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.2.0

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker pull rocm/pytorch:rocm7.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch_release_2.9.1

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.0.2

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker pull rocm/pytorch:rocm7.0.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch_release_2.9.1

2. Start a Docker container using the image.

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.2.0

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker run -it --rm \
            --privileged \
            --network=host --device=/dev/kfd \
            --device=/dev/dri --group-add video \
            --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
            --ipc=host --shm-size 128G \
            rocm/pytorch:rocm7.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch_release_2.9.1

      .. tab-item:: ROCm 7.0.2

         .. code-block:: bash

            docker run -it --rm \
            --privileged \
            --network=host --device=/dev/kfd \
            --device=/dev/dri --group-add video \
            --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
            --ipc=host --shm-size 128G \
            rocm/pytorch:rocm7.0.2_ubuntu24.04_py3.12_pytorch_release_2.9.1

> 3. After setting up the container, install FlashInfer from the AMD-hosted PyPI repository for `ROCm 7.2.0 <https://pypi.amd.com/rocm-7.2.0/simple/amd-flashinfer/>`__ or `ROCm 7.0.2 <https://pypi.amd.com/rocm-7.0.2/simple/amd-flashinfer/>`__.

Reviewer: These links seem to go to errored XML files.

      --build-arg USER_UID=$(id -u) \
      --build-arg USER_GID=$(id -g) \
      -f .devcontainer/rocm/Dockerfile \
      -t rocm-flashinfer-dev .

3. Start a Docker container using the image.

   .. code-block:: bash
      
      docker run -it --rm \
      --privileged --network=host --device=/dev/kfd \
      --device=/dev/dri --group-add video \
      --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
      --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
      --ipc=host --shm-size 16G \
      -v $PWD:/workspace \
      rocm-flashinfer-dev

4. Once you are inside the container, the micromamba environment is automatically activated. You can now install FlashInfer inside it.

   .. code-block:: bash

      cd /workspace
      FLASHINFER_HIP_ARCHITECTURES=gfx942 python -m pip wheel . --wheel-dir=./dist/ --no-deps --no-build-isolation -v
      cd dist && pip install amd_flashinfer-*.whl

Test the FlashInfer installation
======================================================================================

Verify that FlashInfer is installed correctly:

.. code-block:: bash

   python -c "import flashinfer; print(flashinfer.__version__)"

Expected output:

.. code-block:: text

   0.5.3+amd.1

> If you see this version string, FlashInfer ``0.5.3`` has been installed successfully. You can now use FlashInfer in your projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see the version string above, FlashInfer ``0.5.3`` has been installed successfully. You can now use FlashInfer in your projects.
```
